Disable annotation and text layers by default (#113)
hrynko/vue-pdf-embed: README.md

| Name                   | Type                                     | Accepted values                                  | Description                                                                |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | disableAnnotationLayer | `boolean`                                | `true` or `false` default `true`                 | whether the annotation layer should be disabled                            |
> | disableTextLayer       | `boolean`                                | `true` or `false`  default `true`                | whether the text layer should be disabled                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| annotationLayer    | `boolean`                                | `true` or `false`                                | whether the annotation layer should be enabled                             |
| textLayer          | `boolean`                                | `true` or `false`                                | whether the text layer should be enabled                                   |
```
